26. Forests need to be taken to a higher level within the framework of the sustainable development goals, including through the inclusion of strong and clear targets and performance indicators on forests.
The environmental assessment identified five options for the construction and operation of a replacement power plant that would restore the capacity of the Authority's power distribution network prior to the disaster.
During its consideration of this agenda item, the Working Group will be briefed by the Secretariat on the work of UNODC in promoting the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol through the Global Firearms Programme.
In recent months, the Syrian government has allowed terrorists to use its territory as a base from which to plant roadside bombs, launch rocket attacks against Israel, and fire on Israel Defense Forces units deployed inside the country.
According to the author, the Immigration Service accepts that these events did occur, even though the State party considers them irrelevant and not grounds for asylum.
1. Decides to authorize an increase in the strength of MINUSCA by 750 military personnel, 280 police personnel, and 20 corrections officers, in addition to the personnel authorized in paragraph 20 of resolution 2149 (2014);
Four rounds of direct talks between the parties were held between June 2007 and March 2008, but no progress was made, as Morocco insisted that its autonomy proposal be the only basis for negotiations.
UNRWA assisted more than 14,000 Palestine refugees through community-based advocacy and prevention activities on gender-based violence, children's and human rights, domestic violence, neglect and sexual abuse.
5. The Committee had before it a memorandum by the secretariat of the Conference, dated 16 March 2015, on the credentials of representatives of States and the European Union participating in the Conference.
In accordance with article 28 of the Rules, it is composed ex officio of the President and the Vice-President of the Tribunal, with the President of the Tribunal serving as its President.
The secretariat contacted the secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity regarding the data collected in the process of identifying ecologically or biologically significant marine areas.
8. At its 1st meeting, the Preparatory Committee decided to recommend that the Conference continue negotiations on the draft post-2015 framework for disaster risk reduction in the Main Committee.
The real purpose of the large-scale US hostile policy towards the DPRK is to encircle the continent with a tight blockade ring, and that the Far East and the Asian continent condone American arbitrariness and arbitrariness.
Reaffirming that the use of chemical weapons constitutes a serious violation of international law, and reiterating that those responsible for any use of chemical weapons must be held accountable,
Prevent the desecration of the memory of the millions of victims who died during the Second World War at the hands of Nazi criminals and their accomplices, and strongly condemn such plans, much less actions;
Moreover, building on the outcome of the Washington Summit of 19 February, we will be able to consider the measures needed to combat terrorism and violent extremism while respecting human rights and international humanitarian law.
Between 22 December 2014 and 22 February 2015, armed terrorist groups bombed and shelled Syrian cities, killing 325 Syrian civilians, including 57 children, and wounding 766 civilians, including 141 children.
HDRO, on the one hand, is an independent entity and, on the other hand, depends on UNDP programme units to disseminate ideas and draw on the country office knowledge base.
They called for the development of an open, inclusive, indivisible and transparent system of security and cooperation in the region, based on universally recognized principles of international law.
The plan of work for exploration for cobalt-rich ferromanganese crusts on Rio Grande Rise by Companha de Pesquisa de Recursos Minerais SA, sponsored by Brazil, was approved by the Council in July 2014.
The Council will oversee the development of a common information management infrastructure, including a single global digital repository of official documentation, research and statistics.
A working group had been established within the Ministry to collect information on the situation of women in rural areas, and a plan of action for the development and strengthening of the role and status of women in rural areas was currently being prepared.
Moreover, extremist Israeli settlers continue to terrorize the Palestinian people, committing daily acts of violence, destruction and intimidation, often resulting in civilian casualties, including children.
39. The Committee is concerned that the State party's increasing use of gender-neutral language and policies may inadvertently exacerbate de facto inequality between women and men.
Please provide information on measures taken by the State party to effectively prevent domestic violence and gender-related killings, including femicide and so-called honour crimes.
Power must, first and foremost, guarantee women's rights and take full responsibility for providing opportunities for social and creative fulfillment for as many women as possible in the world's female population.
Further bombings allegedly occurred on 23 March and 6 April in Delieba, Raga district, and on 8 and 9 April in Nyinbuli and Achan, West Aweil district, and Mayom Angok, North Aweil district.
2. Affirms that Eritrea is more concerned than any other state with the restoration of security and stability in Yemen, in view of the historically good-neighbourly relations between the two countries and peoples;
As the group's leader, al-Houthi repeatedly threatened the Yemeni authorities with further unrest if they did not comply with his demands, and detained President Hadi, the Prime Minister, and key cabinet members.
On the basis of the assessment provided to him by both missions, the Special Envoy will determine whether the conditions exist for the implementation of this initiative to impose a moratorium for an initial period of six weeks.
Stressing that the magnitude of the consequences of a nuclear-weapon detonation and the threats it poses raise profound moral and ethical questions that go beyond the debate on the legality of nuclear weapons,
I have the honour to refer to Security Council resolution 2206 (2015), adopted on 3 March 2015, by which the Council decided to establish a Panel of Experts on South Sudan for an initial period of 13 months.
In closed consultations following the meeting, Council members condemned the brutal killing of 21 Egyptian citizens in Libya and expressed their condolences to the Government and people of Egypt.
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia dated 18 March 2015 regarding the thirty-first round of the Geneva international discussions (see annex).
7. The review of the methods of work of the Permanent Forum was considered under agenda item 8, "Future work of the Permanent Forum, including issues of the Economic and Social Council and emerging issues."
32. The Committee recommends that the State party take measures to reduce the high rate of abortion in Greenland, including through the introduction of sexual and reproductive health education programmes, especially in schools.
It is fully engaged in the efforts undertaken by the European Union in support of the CTBTO, a concrete manifestation of which is the decision taken by the Council of the European Union to support the activities of the CTBTO Preparatory Commission.
Investments in water and sanitation are thus urgently needed to build a more just and equitable society in which women and men, girls and boys, can legitimately expect better living conditions and well-being.
Following the usual consultations, I wish to inform you that it is my intention to appoint Mr. Ján Kubiš (Slovakia) as my Special Representative for Iraq and Head of the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq.
Family planning programmes should take steps to ensure that services are available to all eligible individuals, even those for whom conventional health-care services are not easily accessible.
"The Security Council expresses grave concern at reports of human rights violations and abuses and massive displacement of civilians, including to Nigeria's neighbours.
1. Ireland submits the present summary report pursuant to action 20 of the action plan adopted by the 2010 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
In considering Iraq's request, however, the members of the Governing Council recognized that the country was currently facing a very serious and costly security crisis and expressed their solidarity with Iraq.
The Committee was further informed that, during the liquidation phase of the Mission, the time frame for write-off and liquidation activities was shortened in order to complete the liquidation process by the target date.
Noting the need to fund expenses related to investigations or prosecutions by the International Criminal Court, including in connection with situations referred to the Court by the Security Council,
An estimated 100,000 homes were destroyed or severely damaged, and severe physical damage to public infrastructure, including Gaza's only power plant and critical water and sanitation infrastructure.
It constitutes the first part of the report of the Secretary-General on developments and issues relating to ocean affairs and the law of the sea, which will be submitted to the Assembly for its consideration at its seventieth session.
From commitments to results: reforming public institutions to promote inclusive policymaking and integration in the implementation and monitoring of the sustainable development goals:
In the area of safeguards, the United States has conducted and supported national, regional and international training courses on State systems of accounting for and control of nuclear materials and the Additional Protocol.
Accordingly, I wish to inform you that, after consulting with the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1572 (2004) concerning Côte d'Ivoire, I have appointed the following experts:
Accordingly, the proposed appropriation for this section is based on the established methodology, but takes into account the outcome of the strategic capital review.
1. The inalienable right to the peaceful uses of nuclear energy is one of the pillars of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, along with nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation.
The present paper is a summary of a larger study on cross-border issues, including recognition of indigenous peoples' right to cross-border trade in goods and services and its implementation through militarized areas.
The Association emphasizes that an agreement on the prohibition and elimination of nuclear weapons would be an important step towards changing the security discourse in favour of a security policy that gives priority to peaceful solutions.
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine regarding the arrest of Akhtem Chiigoz, Deputy Chairman of the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar People (see annex).
We will continue to work with local communities and develop policies and programs to address these challenges to ensure that all women have adequate physical and mental health for a full, productive life.
7. The Mission will continue to support peace consolidation and inclusive and transparent political dialogue involving all Congolese stakeholders, with a view to continuing the reconciliation and democratization process.
The aforementioned figures do not include civilians who have been killed, their throats slit, or killed by any other cruel, criminal means employed by terrorist organizations.
To access, exercise or maintain this right, women must fight tirelessly against the denial of birth control, rape used as a weapon of war, female genital mutilation, or the criminalization of homosexuality.
The Dominican Republic has established a fund for women forest users to help them produce food, harvest herbs, and collect and sell forest by-products, including fuelwood.
Since the Committee is the only United Nations body devoted exclusively to tax matters, its work and follow-up on financing for development are closely interrelated and mutually reinforcing.
In 2014, the Joint Programme, together with the IAC AIDS Foundation, launched a global campaign with global showbusiness stars to increase the number of young people who are aware of their seropositive status.
For example, according to United Nations organizations, 3.6 million people received food aid and 500,000 received medical assistance from Syrian territory in December 2014.
One speaker also noted that the special session could highlight the role of UNODC in international drug control, which was supported by other specialized agencies, funds and programmes of the United Nations.
The Foreign Ministers of China and Russia reaffirmed the importance they attach to India's status in international affairs and supported its desire to play a greater role in the United Nations.
Georgia and the Niger paid their arrears in full in the first half of 2007, thereby fully implementing their plans before the deadline specified in the fifth annual report.
174. Participants unanimously agreed that trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora constituted a serious obstacle to the realization of universal human rights and the achievement of peace, security and development.
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a note verbale regarding the signing ceremony of the Code of Integrity for the Media and Journalists for the elections to be held in Burundi in 2015 (see annex).
The main purpose of the event is to present and discuss a global study on the Non-Proliferation Treaty and to provide young scientists with an opportunity to express their views on the Treaty's current and future challenges and opportunities.
In the harsh years of the war, the unshakeable friendship and supreme patriotism of our peoples, who together won a common victory, manifested themselves vividly on the battlefields and on the labor front.
Our proposal to investigate ceasefire violations to determine responsibility for specific incidents remains on the table, together with other confidence- and security-building measures.
In some protection-of-civilians zones, including Bentiu and Malakal, the continuous influx of internally displaced persons has increased pressure on facilities and led to a decline in the quality of services.
In the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, home demolitions by the Israeli authorities have left a record number of Palestinians (some 1,200) homeless, even as settlement construction and activity have continued unabated.
This will enable the IAEA to perform its intended function of effectively verifying compliance with a future nuclear weapons convention or fissile material cut-off treaty, covering all nuclear activities and existing stockpiles of nuclear material.
The Committee concluded that Equatorial Guinea continued to be over-dependent on the hydrocarbon sector, and that a high level of per capita income did not correspond to a low level of human capital.
I should be grateful if you would have the text of the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 35 and 36, and of the Security Council.
The Investigations Officer at the P-4 level will also assist the investigation teams in establishing factual information of an operational nature, particularly in relation to more complex cases, and will report to the Chief of Investigations in Nairobi.
This is nothing short of a targeted massacre of the civilian population of the city, whose inhabitants have never wanted and do not want to have anything to do with terrorist groups.
To this end, Ukraine will re-establish management of a segment of its banking system in conflict-affected areas, and an international mechanism may be established to facilitate such transfers.
In this connection, I have the honour to inform you that, on instructions from my Government, I request the retention of the following items listed in paragraph 3 of the aforementioned document:
They aim to enhance the participation of civil society in the criminal justice reform process, including citizen oversight and monitoring of the effectiveness, objectivity and respect for human rights of criminal justice systems.
One P-336 Turkish missile boat violated the territorial waters of the Republic of Cyprus and illegally used the closed port of Ammochostos while participating in naval exercises of the occupation forces.
4. Ensure permanent monitoring on the Ukrainian-Russian state border and verification by the OSCE, with the creation of a security zone in the border areas of Ukraine and the Russian Federation.
Recognizing that promoting the acquisition of skills by young people will enhance their ability to make informed decisions about life and work and enhance their ability to gain access to changing labour markets,
12. In accordance with the Law on the Prevention of Domestic Violence, a National Strategy for the Prevention of Domestic Violence (2014-2016) has been developed and adopted.
3. The costs reported under each heading should, to the extent possible, be broken down as follows: (a) operating costs; (b) capital costs; (c) staffing and personnel costs; and (d) overhead costs.
UNSOA continues to support the provision of administrative, financial and technical services to the integrated mission within an integrated framework at all headquarters and regional offices.
Another workshop, on the green economy and social aspects of sustainable forest management, was held in Santander, Spain, in April 2014 (pursuant to item 5 of the current Forest Europe programme of work).
In 2005, the Territory's Health Services Authority, an autonomous agency that reports to all public health services of the Department of Health and Social Development, was established.
Reiterating its call on all parties in Yemen to demonstrate a commitment to resolving their differences through dialogue and consultation, to reject acts of violence as a means to achieve political goals, and to refrain from provocations,
The recent démarche by the African Union calling for interaction between its "Special Envoy," Mr. Joaquim Chissano, and the Security Council is totally unacceptable to the Kingdom of Morocco.
Accordingly, I wish to inform you that, after consulting with the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 2206 (2015) concerning South Sudan, I have appointed the following experts:
In 2013, young people aged 15-24 accounted for 31 per cent of new HIV infections worldwide, and 57 per cent of new infections among this age group were among adolescent girls and young women [1].
Overall, the youth and trade programme is considering how to adapt the Centre's existing toolkit to meet the needs of young people and what new tools are needed to expand youth employment globally.
43. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the Council every three months on progress in the implementation of the mandate of MONUSCO, including its Intervention Brigade, as set out in this resolution, including on the following aspects:
Without continued contributions, the trust fund would not be able to provide assistance to eligible members for 21 weeks per year during which the Commission and its subcommissions meet.
6.4 UN-SPIDER was established to provide universal access to all types of space-based information and services relevant to disaster management in order to support the full disaster management cycle.
12. Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General and the other executive heads of the participating organizations to fully assist the Unit with the timely provision of all information requested by it;
This statement is irresponsible, as it directly challenges the basic principles of the law of armed conflict and international humanitarian law and undermines international peace and security.
14. The Geneva Conference on Disarmament is the only appropriate forum to negotiate a treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices.